# Journal

PHASE 0: (COMPLETED 12/3)
    At first, I wasn't completely sure what to use as my dataset. As always, I ultimately decided to make it based on something that I like and this time I chose the novel "The Hunger Games". Although questionable and dark, I plan on making a graph to keep track of the deaths throughout the games. To write out all of the nodes and edges, I researched the books and drew the connections between all of the characters. During my research, I was reminded of the various kinds of deaths that happened in the books since some of them were indirect and even accidental. Due to this, I decided to make the directed edges have different categories corresponding with the motivation behind their death. Despite currently feeling confident in this project, I am slightly worried that my dataset is not as intricate what is being expected. Luckily, this graph can easily be added to using the deaths from the other books in the series. 

PHASE 1: (COMPLETED 12/8)
    This portion of the project was a little frustrating at times, but eventually worked out perfectly! There was a brief file reading issue but as always the problem stemmed from a tiny error. The hardest part of this section of the project was changing the node values from the numbers I assigned each character to their names. In the end, everything worked out and I now have a pretty little graph! :D

PHASES 2 & 3: (COMPLETED 12/12)
    I honestly couldn't be happier with how this project ended up. Not only did I get to make a successful graph but I also got to analyze it in a fun and creative way. Additionally, I got to play around with GUI for the first time since this past summer which was very exciting. Having a nice and clean user interface made the different methods analyzing the graph make more sense with my theme. I wasn't expecting to love graphics this much but now I can't wait to learn more about it!